I'm sorry, but he is none of my business.
I Am Knowledge
Obviously called to marry Sun Shao
It's all the waiter named Qin Changan
He doesn't know if it's him or Sun Shao
If it has anything to do with your neighbor, you can't run away
It's just that General Sun is back for you
uprooted
Okay, okay.
Stop talking nonsense with him
But look at this pussy is pretty tough
We can have fun together
Hey, hey.
Then take a video and send it to your home hahaha.
Okay, okay, come on.
Yes, it's very happy, haha.
Who the hell are you?
He's the waiter who beat his lord
What? You're the waiter?
It's a disaster and nowhere to go
Sent to your door to die
He deserved it.
Our brothers have done so much credit
Kneel down and die now
I can also consider pitiful you
Let me do it.
You're in a wheelchair for the rest of your life.